TOP 5 — LOS MÁS FUERTES PARA EL LANDING PAGE
                                                                                                                                                        
  Para la sección hero / trust:
                                                                                                                                                        
  ▎ "Kelly has been my lash fairy for the last couple of years. I don't live in the area but it is worth the drive."                                    
  ▎ — Lynette Lopez, San Diego                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                        
  Para el ángulo "primera vez y nerviosa":                                                                                                              
  
  ▎ "I was nervous for someone to touch my natural lashes but she did such an incredible job I couldn't believe it. If you are coming in for a lash lift
  ▎  and tint I highly recommend Diana."
  ▎ — Ella Keefe                                                                                                                                        
                  
  Para el ángulo "sin mascara":                                                                                                                         
   
  ▎ "I haven't had to wear mascara for months! I recommend purchasing the lash serum from Browboss as well — it has extended the life of the lash lift  
  ▎ and made my lashes longer."
  ▎ — Leslie Altherr                                                                                                                                    
                  
  Para el ángulo "resultados naturales":

  ▎ "My lashes now have a natural and beautiful curl, eliminating the need for an eyelash curler."                                                      
  ▎ — Joanna Garcia
                                                                                                                                                        
  Para el ángulo "clienta difícil de complacer":                                                                                                        
   
  ▎ "I am usually hard to please, but Diana truly delivered. I wanted a natural look and she took the time to educate me on my options, making expert   
  ▎ choices on how curly my lashes should be."
  ▎ — Tamara Renee                                                                                                                                      
                  
  ---
  TODOS LOS REVIEWS DE LASH LIFT — ORGANIZADOS POR TEMA
                                                                                                                                                        
  ---
  PRIMERA VEZ / NERVIOSA                                                                                                                                
                        
  Ella Keefe — 5 estrellas, 1 año
  "Went to Diana for a lash lift and was nervous for someone to touch my natural lashes but she did such an incredible job I couldn't believe it. If you
   are coming in for a lash lift and tint I highly recommend Diana."                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                        
  Nicole Osorio Broadnax — 5 estrellas, 2 años                                                                                                          
  "I am a first time lash lifter and I am in love! Kelly was my esthetician and her work was impeccable. Her application was very gentle. My eyes felt 
  like they were in great hands. When she finished and gave me the mirror to see... I let out a very genuine 'oh my god, WOW!' I am incredibly happy    
  with my lashes."
                                                                                                                                                        
  April Valentine — 5 estrellas, 1 año                                                                                                                  
  "Got a brow lamination as well as lash lift with tinting and I love them! It's my first experience with this type of thing so I was a little nervous 
  but Diana was fabulous and explained everything to me in detail."                                                                                     
                  
  ---                                                                                                                                                   
  SIN MASCARA / LOW MAINTENANCE

  Leslie Altherr — 5 estrellas, 1 año
  "I have also had a lash lift at Browboss and I haven't had to wear mascara for months! I recommend purchasing the lash serum from Browboss as well — 
  it has extended the life of the lash lift and made my lashes longer."                                                                                 
   
  Kimberly Robbins — 5 estrellas, 1 año                                                                                                                 
  "Kelly did an amazing job on my lash lift and tint. I highly recommend a lash lift for women like me who like to look together but with minimal 
  makeup."                                                                                                                                              
   
  ---                                                                                                                                                   
  RESULTADOS NATURALES
                      
  Shella Soberano — 5 estrellas, 1 año
  "I had a lash lift done recently and it turned out amazing — so perfect and natural."                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                        
  Joanna Garcia — 5 estrellas, 2 años                                                                                                                   
  "Lash Lift: Absolutely in love with the results. My lashes now have a natural and beautiful curl, eliminating the need for an eyelash curler."        
                                                                                                                                                        
  Cristina Maquera — 5 estrellas, 1 año
  "I had a lash lift and brow lamination done by Diana and I could not say better things about my experience. She took her time, was super gentle, and  
  the end results were so amazing I couldn't believe it."                                                                                               
   
  ---                                                                                                                                                   
  CLIENTAS REPETIDAS / LEALTAD
                                                                                                                                                        
  Lynette Lopez — 5 estrellas, 1 año
  "Kelly has been my lash fairy for the last couple of years. I love going to Browboss for my lash lifts but also the people. I appreciate them having  
  my lash health in mind and being super careful with the procedure. I don't live in the area but it is worth the drive."                               
   
  Samantha Ruiz — 5 estrellas, 1 año                                                                                                                    
  "I have been going to Diana for the last two years and she is the only person in San Diego I will let touch my eyebrows. I have done brow shaping, 
  brow lamination, and lash lift with her and they have all come out amazing."                                                                          
   
  Mariam Simpson — 5 estrellas, 9 meses                                                                                                                 
  "I have been a client for three years, and their work is consistently impeccable and professional. Everything about the experience — the beautiful 
  modern location, the cleanliness, and the amazing level of service — is top notch."                                                                   
                  
  Aleksandra D — 5 estrellas, 1 año                                                                                                                     
  "I love getting my brows laminated regularly and a lash lift too! She is so talented I'm never going anywhere else. I've tried a few places before but
   my brows last the longest here."                                                                                                                     
                  
  Christina Grady — 5 estrellas, 3 años                                                                                                                 
  "I regularly do lash lifts and brow lam with Diane and she is amazing! This place is incredible — I can't recommend it enough."
                                                                                                                                                        
  ---
  EXPERIENCIA / PROCESO / CUIDADO                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                        
  Veronica U — 5 estrellas, 1 año
  "My appointment with Diana was truly exceptional. She took the time to explain every step of the brow lamination, threading, and lash lift process,   
  regularly checking in to make sure I was comfortable. She also provided thorough aftercare instructions. Diana never made me feel rushed."            
   
  Tamara Renee — 5 estrellas, 1 año                                                                                                                     
  "I recently had the pleasure of seeing Diana for a lash lift and tint, as well as a brow laminate and tint, and I couldn't be happier. I am usually 
  hard to please but Diana truly delivered. She took the time to educate me on my options, making expert choices on how curly my lashes should be."     
                  
  ---                                                                                                                                                   
  CÓMO USARLOS EN EL LANDING PAGE
                                 
  Sección principal de reviews — usa estos 3:
  1. Lynette Lopez (lealtad + vale el viaje)                                                                                                            
  2. Nicole Osorio Broadnax (primera vez + reacción genuina)                                                                                            
  3. Leslie Altherr (sin mascara por meses)                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                        
  Cerca del FAQ — pon este para el miedo a daño:
  - Ella Keefe (nerviosa pero quedó increíble)                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                        
  Cerca del pricing — pon este para justificar el valor:                                                                                                
  - Mariam Simpson (3 años de clienta, consistentemente impecable)                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                        
  Cerca de la sección de resultados — pon este:
  - Joanna Garcia (curl natural, sin rizador)                                                                                                           
                                                  